---Customer Service Representative with 4+ years of experience of telephone and face-to-face sales, hotel bookings and account administration. Aiming to use my proven customer service, sales, and communication skills to effectively fill the managerial role in your company. Possess a BA in Communications. 

for higher jobs than current
	Looking to leverage my knowlege and experience into a  role as Project Manager
	Sales manager with 7+ years of experience driving profitability through strategic growth, leading teams, and quality control. Fiercely competitive in my approach to acquire business, and able to handle complex situations from a strategic and tactical perspective. Presently seeking a suitable leadership position with a market-leading, high-growth company that offers opportunities for advancement into sales management. 

Solving Problems In A Creative Manner
The paragraph about career objectives may speak about the chance of solving problems in a creative manner that the position would offer to the person selected for the job.
“To solve problems in an effective/creative manner in a challenging position”
---“Seeking a responsible job with an opportunity for professional challenges”



1. “Obtain a position at ABC institute where I can maximize my training experience, program development skills and my teaching abilities.“

---2. “Seeking a position that will benefit from my sales experience, positive interaction skills and industry contacts where my twelve years’ experience can improve the sales results.”

3. “Sales manager position where my skills and experience can be effectively utilized for increased profitability and product sales volume by developing a dynamic team.”

4. “Seeking a project management position with leadership responsibilities including problem solving, planning, organizing and managing budgets.”

5. “Seeking a position in an office environment, where there is a need for a variety of office management tasks including – computer knowledge, organizational abilities, business intelligence and database program use.”

6. “Obtain a position as a team-player in a people-oriented organization where I can maximize my customer-service experience in a challenging environment to achieve the corporate goals.”

7. “To obtain a position as a School Teacher that will utilize my strong dedication to children’s development and to their educational needs.”

8. “To obtain a position as an office Secretary in which my computer knowledge, and organizational abilities can be fully utilized.”

9. “To obtain a position as a software program designer in a challenging environment that utilizes team-work effort for researching, learning and developing new high-tech products. “

10. “Customer care representative position where my customer relations experience can be fully utilized to improve customer satisfaction and enhance the company brand name.”

11. “Create business strategies and develop existing customer sales, marketing tools and product launching.”

12. “To obtain a human resources management position where I can effectively utilize my expertise in employee relations and staff recruitment.”

13. “Product Marketing position that utilizes my marketing experience and enables me to make a positive contribution to the company.”

14. “To secure a position that will lead to a lasting working relationship in the field of accounting or bookkeeping.”

15. “To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational background and ability to work well with people.”